content/media.md, before:

+++
title = "Media"
description = "Various media, podcasts, webcasts and publication appearances"
images = ["/img/main/me.png"]
date = "2018-04-12"
+++

![Media Attention](/img/2018/04/media.jpg)

Sometimes, in my travels I get attention and end up with various points of media coverage. This page is a collection of podcasts, webcasts, news and other various publications that I've been a part of. Enjoy!

# Podcasts <i class="fa fa-podcast" aria-hidden="true"></i> Appearances

### <a href="https://6figuredev.com/podcast/episode-038-developer-community-with-david-pine/" target="_blank">6 Figure Developer - Episode 38<i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> David Pine talks with John Callaway, Clayton Hunt and Jon Ash about his love for the Developer Community, programming languages like TypeScript and C#, speaking and blogging.

### <a href="http://developeronfire.com/podcast/episode-305-david-pine-positive-brand" target="_blank">Developer On Fire - Episode 305 <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> David Pine talks with Dave Rael about building a brand for software developers, being a source of positivity, and the importance of mentors.

<hr/>

# Video <i class="fa fa-video-camera" aria-hidden="true"></i> Appearances

### MkeJS -- TypeScript: Making JavaScript Tolerable

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/L7IY9vKO2Bw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### #MVPBuzzChat CollabTalk

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UEajhQHBa3Y" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### Serbia, National News

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5jCy7oHbDaE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### AskTHAT | Episode 35

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MjS_lVg0G8E" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### Microsoft's Channel 9 - Magic Mirror
<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VW7b0WU_UDM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

<hr/>

# Publications <i class="fa fa-file-text-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Articles

### <a href="https://www.infoq.com/articles/future-of-net-core" target="_blank">The Future of .NET Core <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> In this series, we will explore some of the benefits .NET Core and how it can benefit not only traditional .NET developers but all technologists that need to bring robust, performant and economical solutions to market.

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/typescript/1439/typescript-generics" target="_blank">TypeScript – A Tour of Generics <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> TypeScript is an amazing innovation with how we as developers write JavaScript applications. TypeScript boasts its language services as a first-class citizen. These language services empower your favorite integrated development environment with advanced statement completion, refactoring, type-checking, compilation and even flow analysis.

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/csharp/1411/csharp-favorite-features" target="_blank">C#: Favorite Features through the Years <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> Each newer version of C# is packed full of powerful and impactful features. In this tutorial I walk through the various versions of C# and share my favorite features from each release. Anytime I get the chance to write about C#, I'm eager to do so. This time was no `System.Exception`!

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/aspnet/1390/aspnet-core-web-api-attributes" target="_blank">ASP.NET Core Web API Attributes <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> With __ASP.NET Core Web API__ there are several various attributes that instruct the framework where to expect data. These attributes are very powerful, allowing for aliasing and strong-typing; however, knowing which correspond to model binding and are best suited for each HTTP verb is vital. In this article we'll explore all of this and more.

<br/>

# Featured On Microsoft's Friday Five

 1. {{< url-link "Jul 27, 2018 " "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/07/27/friday-five-july-27/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jul 20, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/07/20/friday-five-july-20/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jun 15, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/06/15/how-to-use-azure-serverless-to-become-gdpr-compliant-and-more-on-the-friday-five/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jun 1, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/06/01/friday-five-june-1st/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "May 25, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/05/25/friday-five-may-25th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Apr 27, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/04/27/friday-five-april-27th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Dec 8, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/12/08/friday-five-december-8th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Sep 22, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/09/22/friday-five-september-22/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Aug 8, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/08/18/friday-five-august-18th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>

Commit message:

Added GDE logo and link. Added Eat Sleep Code podcast.

content/media.md, after:

+++
title = "Media"
description = "Various media, podcasts, webcasts and publication appearances"
images = ["/img/main/me.png"]
date = "2018-04-12"
+++

![Media Attention](/img/2018/04/media.jpg)

Sometimes, in my travels I get attention and end up with various points of media coverage. This page is a collection of podcasts, webcasts, news and other various publications that I've been a part of. Enjoy!

# Podcasts <i class="fa fa-podcast" aria-hidden="true"></i> Appearances

### <a href="https://soundcloud.com/esc-podcast/why-you-should-learn-typescript" target="_blank">Eat Sleep Code - Why You Should Learn TypeScript <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> On this episode, David Pine shares his experience with TypeScript. David talks about why TypeScript is a valuable tool for improving your experience with applications that normally are written using JavaScript. We discuss how to compile TypeScript, what are its strengths and how to get started.

### <a href="https://6figuredev.com/podcast/episode-038-developer-community-with-david-pine/" target="_blank">6 Figure Developer - Episode 38 <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> David Pine talks with John Callaway, Clayton Hunt and Jon Ash about his love for the Developer Community, programming languages like TypeScript and C#, speaking and blogging.

### <a href="http://developeronfire.com/podcast/episode-305-david-pine-positive-brand" target="_blank">Developer On Fire - Episode 305 <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> David Pine talks with Dave Rael about building a brand for software developers, being a source of positivity, and the importance of mentors.

<hr/>

# Video <i class="fa fa-video-camera" aria-hidden="true"></i> Appearances

### MkeJS -- TypeScript: Making JavaScript Tolerable

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/L7IY9vKO2Bw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### #MVPBuzzChat CollabTalk

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UEajhQHBa3Y" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### Serbia, National News

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5jCy7oHbDaE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### AskTHAT | Episode 35

<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MjS_lVg0G8E" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### Microsoft's Channel 9 - Magic Mirror
<div class="iframe_container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VW7b0WU_UDM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

<hr/>

# Publications <i class="fa fa-file-text-o" aria-hidden="true"></i> Articles

### <a href="https://www.infoq.com/articles/future-of-net-core" target="_blank">The Future of .NET Core <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> In this series, we will explore some of the benefits .NET Core and how it can benefit not only traditional .NET developers but all technologists that need to bring robust, performant and economical solutions to market.

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/typescript/1439/typescript-generics" target="_blank">TypeScript – A Tour of Generics <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> TypeScript is an amazing innovation with how we as developers write JavaScript applications. TypeScript boasts its language services as a first-class citizen. These language services empower your favorite integrated development environment with advanced statement completion, refactoring, type-checking, compilation and even flow analysis.

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/csharp/1411/csharp-favorite-features" target="_blank">C#: Favorite Features through the Years <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> Each newer version of C# is packed full of powerful and impactful features. In this tutorial I walk through the various versions of C# and share my favorite features from each release. Anytime I get the chance to write about C#, I'm eager to do so. This time was no `System.Exception`!

### <a href="http://www.dotnetcurry.com/aspnet/1390/aspnet-core-web-api-attributes" target="_blank">ASP.NET Core Web API Attributes <i class="fa fa-external-link-square" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>

> <p> With __ASP.NET Core Web API__ there are several various attributes that instruct the framework where to expect data. These attributes are very powerful, allowing for aliasing and strong-typing; however, knowing which correspond to model binding and are best suited for each HTTP verb is vital. In this article we'll explore all of this and more.

<br/>

# Featured On Microsoft's Friday Five

 1. {{< url-link "Jul 27, 2018 " "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/07/27/friday-five-july-27/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jul 20, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/07/20/friday-five-july-20/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jun 15, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/06/15/how-to-use-azure-serverless-to-become-gdpr-compliant-and-more-on-the-friday-five/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Jun 1, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/06/01/friday-five-june-1st/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "May 25, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/05/25/friday-five-may-25th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Apr 27, 2018" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2018/04/27/friday-five-april-27th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Dec 8, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/12/08/friday-five-december-8th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Sep 22, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/09/22/friday-five-september-22/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
 1. {{< url-link "Aug 8, 2017" "https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/mvpawardprogram/2017/08/18/friday-five-august-18th/" >}} <i class="fa fa-external-link" aria-hidden="true"></i>
